README.md, before:

copy and paste this in a new tab for the narrative

data:text/plain,I%20see%20now%20the%20reason%20for%20the%20missing%20worry.%0ASigns%20that%20aren%27t%20shown- signs%20that%20don%27t%20affect.%0AThe very%20humanity%20I%20once%20sought%20in%20people%20didn%27t%20appear.%0AI%27ve%20been%20taught%20since%20birth%2C%20%22whatever%20done%20to%20others-%20may%20you%20have%20them%20do%20to%20you.%22%0AI%20held%20hope%20in%20myself%20and%20the%20people%20around%20me%20that%20the%20love%20and%20care%20I%20once%20gave%20would%20find%20its%20way%20around%20to%20me.%0ABut%20it%20never%20came%20.%20.%20.%0AI%20was%20lied%20to%20.%20.%20.%20yet%20once%20I%20realized%20it%20was%20a%20lie%20I%20kept%20going.%0AI%20kept%20hoping%20for%20that%20feeling.%0AThe%20feeling%20of%20having%20someone-%20anyone%20that%20would%20actually%20care%20about%20me.%0ANow%20here%20I%20am%20.%20.%20.%20still%20lost%20.%20.%20.%20still%20hoping%20.%20.%20.I%27ve%20fallen%20in%20a%20depression%20bound%20by%20the%20flaws%20and%20hate%20toward%20people.%0AThose%20idiots-%20such%20hate%20I%27ve%20gathered%20because%20of%20the%20fact%20these%20people%20can%27t%20seem%20to%20understand.%0AThey%20are%20nothing%20short%20of%20annoying.%0AI%27ve%20done%20something%20about%20this%20situation%20before%20because%20I%20couldn%27t%20handle%20it%20.%20.%20.%20I%20was%20punished%20accordingly%20and%20taught%20a%20%22lesson.%22%20Yet%20back%20then%20it%20was%20only%20a%20%22joke%22%20only%20to%20put%20on%20a%20%22little%20show.%22%0AAnd%20now%20.%20.%20.%20once%20I%20get%20another%20one%20.%20.%20.%20a%20REAL%20one%20.%20.%20.%0AThey%27ll%20see%20.%20.%20.%20they%27ll%20all%20see%20.%20.%20.%20they%20don%27t%20know%20it%20yet.%0ABut%20I%20know%20.%20.%20.%20I%20know%20where%20they%20live%20.%20.%20.%20each%20and%20every%20single%20one.%0AAnd%20for%20the%20people%20that%20I%20don%27t%20know%20I%27ll%20find.%0AAnd%20I%20won%27t%20stop%20looking until%20I%20do%20.%20.%20.%20I%20always%20do%20.%20.%20.

Commit message:

Replace plain text narrative with HTML format
Updated the README to include an HTML narrative instead of plain text.

README.md, after:

copy and paste this in a new tab for the narrative

data:text/html,<html><head><style>body{font-size:clamp(16px,2.5vw,22px);line-height:1.6;font-family:Arial}</style></head><body><h1>A%20Narrative</h1><pre> I%20see%20now%20the%20reason%20for%20the%20missing%20worry.%0ASigns%20that%20aren%27t%20shown- signs%20that%20don%27t%20affect.%0AThe very%20humanity%20I%20once%20sought%20in%20people%20didn%27t%20appear.%0AI%27ve%20been%20taught%20since%20birth%2C%20%22whatever%20done%20to%20others-%20may%20you%20have%20them%20do%20to%20you.%22%0AI%20held%20hope%20in%20myself%20and%20the%20people%20around%20me%20that%20the%20love%20and%20care%20I%20once%20gave%20would%20find%20its%20way%20around%20to%20me.%0ABut%20it%20never%20came%20.%20.%20.%0AI%20was%20lied%20to%20.%20.%20.%20yet%20once%20I%20realized%20it%20was%20a%20lie%20I%20kept%20going.%0AI%20kept%20hoping%20for%20that%20feeling.%0AThe%20feeling%20of%20having%20someone-%20anyone%20that%20would%20actually%20care%20about%20me.%0ANow%20here%20I%20am%20.%20.%20.%20still%20lost%20.%20.%20.%20still%20hoping%20.%20.%20.I%27ve%20fallen%20in%20a%20depression%20bound%20by%20the%20flaws%20and%20hate%20toward%20people.%0AThose%20idiots-%20such%20hate%20I%27ve%20gathered%20because%20of%20the%20fact%20these%20people%20can%27t%20seem%20to%20understand.%0AThey%20are%20nothing%20short%20of%20annoying.%0AI%27ve%20done%20something%20about%20this%20situation%20before%20because%20I%20couldn%27t%20handle%20it%20.%20.%20.%20I%20was%20punished%20accordingly%20and%20taught%20a%20%22lesson.%22%20Yet%20back%20then%20it%20was%20only%20a%20%22joke%22%20only%20to%20put%20on%20a%20%22little%20show.%22%0AAnd%20now%20.%20.%20.%20once%20I%20get%20another%20one%20.%20.%20.%20a%20REAL%20one%20.%20.%20.%0AThey%27ll%20see%20.%20.%20.%20they%27ll%20all%20see%20.%20.%20.%20they%20don%27t%20know%20it%20yet.%0ABut%20I%20know%20.%20.%20.%20I%20know%20where%20they%20live%20.%20.%20.%20each%20and%20every%20single%20one.%0AAnd%20for%20the%20people%20that%20I%20don%27t%20know%20I%27ll%20find.%0AAnd%20I%20won%27t%20stop%20looking until%20I%20do%20.%20.%20.%20I%20always%20do%20.%20.%20.%0A</pre><img%20src%3D%22https%3A%2F%2Fstatic.wikia.nocookie.net%2Fmuc%2Fimages%2F9%2F9d%2FAllied_Mastacomputah%2527.webp%2Frevision%2Flatest%3Fcb%3D20250510095603%22%20alt%3D%22Allied%20Mastacomputah%22></body></html>
